Split media track and text track how-to guides into per-platform guides (#777)
THEOplayer/documentation: theoplayer/how-to-guides/web/media-tracks/reduce-data-usage.mdx

---
sidebar_position: 6
sidebar_label: Reduce data usage
---

# How to reduce data usage on mobile devices on Web

import Intro from '../../shared/media-tracks/_reduce-data-usage-intro.mdx';
import TargetBuffer from '../../shared/media-tracks/_reduce-data-usage-target-buffer.mdx';
import Preloading from '../../shared/media-tracks/_reduce-data-usage-preloading.mdx';
import Renditions from '../../shared/media-tracks/_reduce-data-usage-renditions.mdx';
import Conclusion from '../../shared/media-tracks/_reduce-data-usage-conclusion.mdx';

<Intro />

## 1. Lower the target buffer

<TargetBuffer />

Use the [`targetBuffer`](pathname:///theoplayer/v11/api-reference/web/interfaces/ABRConfiguration.html#targetbuffer)

> property of the [ABR API](pathname:///theoplayer/v11/api-reference/web/interfaces/ABRConfiguration.html) to set it to 6 seconds:

Reviewer: Also please update the links to be to the most recent version of the docs, not specifically v11
```suggestion
To set the target buffer length in seconds, use the [`targetBuffer`](pathname:///theoplayer/v11/api-reference/web/interfaces/ABRConfiguration.html#targetbuffer)
property of the [ABR API](pathname:///theoplayer/v11/api-reference/web/interfaces/ABRConfiguration.html) :
```

Reviewer: Nevermind. I was wrong about the URL format

```js
player.abr.targetBuffer = 6;
```

If necessary, add a mobile check like this:

```js
if (THEOplayer.videojs.browser.IS_ANDROID || THEOplayer.videojs.browser.IS_IOS) {
  player.abr.targetBuffer = 6;
}

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If necessary to have a different target buffer length for mobile, add a check like this:

```js
if (THEOplayer.videojs.browser.IS_ANDROID || THEOplayer.videojs.browser.IS_IOS) {
  player.abr.targetBuffer = 8;
}
```
```
